OSDOCS-13576: Added info on rosa create network command (#91784)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/vpc-troubleshooting.adoc

// Snippet included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-egress-lockdown-install.adoc

Reviewer: Also in rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.adoc ?

// Snippet included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key.adoc
// * rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-egress-lockdown-install.adoc
// * rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-quickstart-guide.adoc
// * rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[id="troubleshooting_shared-vpc-hcp_vpc-creation_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting

> If your cluster fails to install, check these common troubleshooting issues:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your cluster fails to install, troubleshoot these common issues:
```
